# WebDuck blog begonnen
- Kees Kluskens
- webduck_nl
- 2013/09/27
- Geen
- published

I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! i want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. yes, i used a machine gun. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! my lord! you're a tripod. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. yes, i used a machine gun.

I want to shoot the pigeons... off my roof. my lord! you're a tripod. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! my lord! you're a tripod. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. yes, i used a machine gun. pull my finger! you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world!

Jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? it's not the size mate, it's how you use it.

Pull my finger! you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! pull my finger! jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you?